CHAPTER 1
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Qiqi woke up startled. It was yet another time in a row that he had this dream. He sees a man from whom he tries to run away, but his only exit is a sort of circular disk. He types something on the computer, and then the disk rotates. Suddenly, a watery surface appears, tilted at a 90-degree angle. The door swings open, the same man enters, shoots him, and he falls backward. Then he sees the light of a thousand stars and suddenly a meadow with a forest on the right side. Then he hears a sort of buzzing sound. He looks down and sees that the same portal is now transparent, but his feet... they are gone! Then, a searing pain, but after a few seconds, everything goes black. And then he wakes up. But this time, he sees a pentagram.

The new school year has just started, and classes at the University of Delft had just started. Qiqi works at the university as a history teacher. He is a young, somewhat dusty man. He exercises gymnastics four times a weekm which gives him a strong build. He knew all too well what the pentagram meant. He explained it to his students when he talked about a group that existed only because the church was afraid of them: a satanic group called the VERO's. Their symbol for worshipping the devil and making sacrifices to Lucifer was always a pentagram.

After a day of teaching first-year students about the Eighty Year War and exercising gymnastics training, he goes to the large library. There, he looks up everything about the pentagram. The pentagram is a mathematical star that often symbolizes satanic sects but it is also a symbol for dark magic in the D&D community. The pentagram represents Venus, the sign of fertility, women, the goddess Venus, and the planet Venus. This is because the goddess Venus and the planet form a pentagram in the sky approximately every eight years; one line per year and the complete pentagram after eight years. He couldn’t find anything further.

After this, he went home, ate something, watched a series, and went to bed. He finally dreams peacefully. The next morning he wakes up, but not in the place where he had slept.