Qiqi got up, but suddenly bang his head hit the ceiling. How was that possible? He looked around and found himself in a limousine. Across from him sat a man in a neat blue suit, with the top button undone. "What are you doing? Why are you watching me sleep?!" Qiqi asked. "Professor, you can leave whenever you want. I brought you here because I want to hire you. What I'm about to tell you is classified, and you must not share it with anyone unless stated otherwise." He handed Qiqi a form labeled "A Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA)." Qiqi thought for a moment; as a professor, he didn’t earn much, so this could be a good source of income. But why did they want him so badly? He said, "If you want to hire me that badly, then I want to decide for myself what I do and do not say." The man across from him raised his hand, and the car came to a sudden stop. Qiqi was thrown out of the car along with his blanket. They were in Gouda, in front of the town hall. Just before the car sped away, he shouted, "In your dreams!" The car screeched off. Qiqi felt a bit of regret, but as a history lecturer, he knew that the biggest scandals often came from people that signed NDAs.

The town hall in Gouda looked like a stroopwafel, which was quite silly, because the only people who came there were the locals, and they had seen enough nonsense about Gouda’s stroopwafels, Gouda cheese, etc. Fortunately, the train station was right next to the town hall. He asked one of the passersby if someone could perhaps buy him a ticket, and he would pay them back later. Everyone around him looked at him with a mix of angry, neutral, and unfriendly expressions and walked away. Suddenly, a fifteen-year-old boy approached him. "Hello, sir, where do you need to go? Maybe I can buy a ticket for you." Qiqi thanked the boy and gave him his phone number and called himself so he could contact him later. He took the train to Delft. Everyone stared at him strangely because he was still in his pajamas. After an awkward journey from Gouda to Leiden, he walked to his house. When he entered, he noticed that his house had completely changed. He checked if he was at the right address. His furniture had been entirely replaced. Then he saw a note in his living room with the same symbol on it: a pentagram.